# kalshi-new-scraping

## Overview
This project is designed to monitor live news information through the NYT API and map them to affected prediction markets on **Kalshi**. By identifying any semantic relationship between breaking news and active Kalshi event, the system aims  to identify market-moving developments before their prices are fully adjusted.

The pipeline utilizes **Airflow (Astro)** to run a DAG that scrapes Kalshi and NYT for events and keywords and loads data in **Snowflake (our data warehouse)**, and a **TF-IDF weighted matching algorithm** to identify any related articles/events. On each DAG run, we plan to wipe all tables.

## Setup & Installation for Airflow/Batching Pipeline
To install astro, run the following command.

`brew install astro`

Afterwards, please clone the repository and create a .env file to add your Snowflake credentials. These will be picked up and used in the `airflow_settings.yaml` file. If you run into any issues here, feel free to paste your credentials directly inside `airflow_settings.yaml`, but be careful not to expose this information later on. Remember place your private key inside of the `include/` directory. 

Additionally, run the following code snippets inside Snowflake within your specific warehouse/database/schema to set up the tables: 

```sql
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS KALSHI_EVENTS (
	ID VARCHAR(16777216) NOT NULL,
	TITLE VARCHAR(16777216) NOT NULL,
	SUBMARKET VARCHAR(16777216),
	YES_PRICE NUMBER(38,0),
	NO_PRICE NUMBER(38,0),
	primary key (ID)
);

CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS ARTICLES_KEYWORDS (
	ARTICLE_ID VARCHAR(16777216),
	KEYWORD_ID VARCHAR(16777216)
);

CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS EVENTS_KEYWORDS (
	EVENT_ID VARCHAR(16777216),
	KEYWORD_ID VARCHAR(16777216)
);

CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS KEYWORDS (
	ID VARCHAR(16777216) NOT NULL,
	WORD VARCHAR(16777216) NOT NULL,
	primary key (ID)
);

CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS MATCHES (
	ID VARCHAR(16777216),
	EVENT_ID VARCHAR(16777216),
	ARTICLE_ID VARCHAR(16777216),
	SCORE FLOAT,
	TIMESTAMP TIMESTAMP_NTZ(9)
);

CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS NY_TIMES_ARTICLES (
	ID VARCHAR(16777216),
	TITLE VARCHAR(16777216),
	ABSTRACT VARCHAR(16777216),
	PUBLISH_TIME TIMESTAMP_NTZ(9)
);
```

To start the environment, run the following command.

`astro dev start`

Now, you should be able to view the UI at http://localhost:8080 and run the DAG manually if you please.

## Setup for Kalshi
Keys were generated by following this link: https://docs.kalshi.com/getting_started/api_keys.
Please put the public key identifier in your own .env file and paste the private key contents into a file called `5114_key.txt` in the root directory. 


## Running the Full Application:

Follow above steps to start airflow server in the background

In the root directory, run `docker compose up` to start a local Kafka instance.

Run kalshi_sockets.py with a market ID of interest to begin populating Kafka.

In a new terminal window, run kafka_ui.py and open the UI window to see real time changes.